PC Spim NVDA Add-On Keyboard Reference
--------------------------------------

All commands are "NVDA+Shift+key". Example: "X" means press NVDA+Shift+X.

Braille Modes

F - Freeze Mode. Stops updating the display, keeping the current register values in place.
L - Live mode. Starts periodically updating the Braille display with the current values of system registers.
R - Reveal mode. Displays in each region of the display what register is being displayed there.

Braille configuration

C - Open Display Configuration. Allows you to set which registers will be displayed in which regions of the Braille display.

Code Readability

I - Recite (and provide in Braille) information about the current line of code. Note: you should be focused on the Code window when you use this command.
X - Make All Code Readable. Produces and opens a text file displaying all of the code in the Code window, processed for easy readability.
Z - Make All Code Readable (Verbose). Produces and opens a text file displaying all of the code in the Code window, processed for easy readability with verbose output. More details are given for each instruction.

User Interface

1 - Set focus to the Code window.
2 - Set focus to the Registers window.
3 - Set focus to the Memory window.
4 - Set focus to the Status window.
5 - Set focus to the Console.
P - Copy the contents of the Console to the system clipboard.

Braille Commands

All of the above commands except for the Focus Window commands are entered on the Braille display by pressing Dot 7 + Space + the letter in question. For example, to get info on the current line of code, you press Dot 2 + Dot 4 + Dot 7 + Space.
To move focus between windows, press the given dot plus dot 7 plus Space. For example, for the Code window, press Dot 1 + Dot 7 + space; for the Console press Dot 1 + Dot 5 + Space.

The following additional commands are available in Braille:

R-Chord (Dots 1-2-3-5) - Run the code. (Same as the F5 key)
ST-Chord (Dots 3-4) - Step to the next statement of code. (Same as the F10 key)
FOR+7 Chord (Dots 1-2-3-4-5-6-7) - Randomize the display in the register cells. (Useful for debugging only)
